=== 1.3.0

* Drop support to BigBlueButton 0.7 and add BigBlueButton to 0.81. Includes support to the new API calls <tt>getDefaultConfigXML</tt> and <tt>setConfigXML</tt>.
* Reviewed all methods responses (some changed a bit) and documentation.
* Allow non standard options to be passed to *all* API calls.
* Removed method <tt>join_meeting</tt> that was usually not used. Should always use <tt>join_meeting_url</tt>.
* Moved the hash extension method <tt>from_xml</tt> to its own class to prevent conflicts with Rails. See https://github.com/mconf/bigbluebutton-api-ruby/pull/6.

=== 1.2.0

* Allow non standard options to be passed to some API calls. These API calls are: create_meeting, join_meeting_url,
  join_meeting, get_recordings. Useful for development of for custom versions of BigBlueButton.
* Accept :record as boolean in create_meeting
* Better formatting of data returned by get_recordings

=== 1.1.1

* BigBlueButtonApi can now receive http headers to be sent in all get/post requests

=== 1.1.0

* Updated ruby to 1.9.3-194.
* Support to BigBlueButton 0.4 rc1.

=== 1.0.0

* Version 0.1.0 renamed to 1.0.0.

=== 0.1.0

* Support to BigBlueButton 0.8:
  * New methods for recordings: get_recordings, publish_recordings, delete_recordings
  * Pre-upload of slides in create_meeting
  * New parameters added in the already existent methods
  * For more information see BigBlueButton docs at http://code.google.com/p/bigbluebutton/wiki/API#Version_0.8
* Method signature changes: create_meeting, join_meeting_url and join_meeting. Optional parameters are now passed using a hash.
* Integration tests for the entire library using cucumber.
* Changed the XML parser to xml-simple (especially to solve issues with CDATA values).

=== 0.0.11

* The file "bigbluebutton-api" was renamed to "bigbluebutton_api". All "require" calls must be updated.
* Splitted the library in more files (more modular) and created rspec tests for it.
* Added a BigBlueButtonApi.timeout attribute to timeout get requests and avoid blocks when the server is down. Defaults to 2 secs.
* New method last_http_response to access the last HTTP response object.
* Automatically detects the BBB server version if not informed by the user.

=== 0.0.10

* Returning hash now will *always* have these 3 values: :returncode (boolean), :messageKey (string) and :message (string).
* Some values in the hash are now converted to a fixed variable type to avoid inconsistencies:
  * :meetingID (string)
  * :attendeePW (string)
  * :moderatorPW (string)
  * :running (boolean)
  * :hasBeenForciblyEnded (boolean)
  * :endTime and :startTime (DateTime or nil)

=== 0.0.9

* Simplied "attendees" part of the hash returned in get_meeting_info. Same thing done for get_meetings.

=== 0.0.8

* New method get_api_version that returns the version of the server API (>= 0.7).
* New simplified hash syntax for get_meetings. See docs for details.

=== 0.0.6

* New method test_connection.
* Added comparison method for APIs.
* Methods attendee_url and moderator_url deprecated. Use join_meeting_url.
* Better exception throwing when the user is unreachable or the response is incorrect.
  * BigBlueButtonException has now a "key" attribute to store the "messageKey" returned by BBB in failures.

=== 0.0.4

* Added support for BigBlueButton 0.7.
* Gem renamed from 'bigbluebutton' to 'bigbluebutton-api-ruby'.
* API functions now return a hash and instead of the XML returned by BBB. The XML is converted to a hash that uses symbols as keys and groups keys with the same name.

=== 0.0.3

* Fixes module issue preventing proper throwing of exceptions.

=== 0.0.1

* This is the first version of this gem. It provides an implementation of the 0.64 bbb API, with the following exceptions:
  * Does not implement meeting token, and instead relies on meeting id as the unique identifier for a meeting.
  * Documentation suggests there is way to call join_meeting as API call (instead of browser URL). This call currently does not work as documented.
